After three years of Imperial service, Han had been expelled from the Carida Flight Academy for insubordination and was serving as a Mudtrooper Corporal during a battle on the planet Mimban. The battle was significant for the Empire, and was consequentially carried out by many in service to them, such as Cassian Andor. Solo's 224th Imperial Armored Division was locked in trench warfare against the Mimbanese Liberation Army, enduring heavy casualties in the torrid, muddy weather. Han took part in a ground assault led by Major Staz to capture a ridge. After Han was thrown to the ground, Staz helped him up and told him they were almost there. Solo was confused, but Staz instructed him to head to the last ridge. Unfortunately, Staz was soon killed by an explosion. Han and some surviving troops, including Private Collum Woslo, Corporal Sharlu Greslin, Corporal Danith Nodar, and Corporal Wesger Odry, gathered in a trench with "Captain" Tobias Beckett, who took command as the most senior officer in the group. Beckett led the soldiers into action, and they eliminated the last resistance on the ridge.
Following the skirmish, Han spoke with "Captain" Beckett, expressing gratitude for his help. Beckett advised him to get away from there as fast as he could. Solo soon encountered Beckett's companions, Val and the Ardennian Rio Durant, who were disguised as Imperial Army troopers. They warned him not to follow them. Lieutenant Alayus Bolandin informed Han and his comrades that they would be moving out to the Southern Marshlands in three hours. When Bolandin requested an advance party, Solo questioned why the Empire was destroying and occupying Mimban, earning the enmity of his commanding officer. Disenchanted with the Empire, Han sought out Beckett and his gang, who were planning a heist. Han recognized them as thieves posing as Imperial Army personnel. Val and Beckett initially wanted to kill Han, but he offered his services as a pilot. When Rio asked what a fancy "fly boy" was doing in the mud, Han claimed he had been kicked out for having a mind of his own. Han pointed out that Rio was an Ardennian. Desperate to escape offworld, Solo tried to blackmail them into allowing him to join their gang by threatening to expose them as infiltrators. However, Beckett turned the tables on him and convinced Lieutenant Bolandin that Solo was attempting to desert. Seeking an opportunity to rid his unit of a "trouble-maker," Bolandin had a chained Solo thrown into a pen where he was condemned to battle a "beast" held in captivity.\n\nThe beast was revealed to be a Wookiee named Chewbacca, whose species had been enslaved by the Empire. Thinking he was a threat, Chewbacca attacked Han and hurled him against the girders and mud. Owing to Han's ability to speak Shyriiwook, Solo convinced Chewbacca that he was a friend. Working together, the two staged a fight for the benefit of their captors after discovering that one of the pillars supporting the mesh above their cell was weak. The unsuspecting sentries laughed and thought that Han was doomed. After several attempts, Han pretended to goad Chewbacca into pushing against the main pillar supporting the mesh, causing it to collapse. After jumping out of harm's way, Chewbacca threw Han out of the pit and followed suit. The two found that they were chained together. Chewbacca wanted to flee the camp, but Han convinced him to accompany him to a nearby airfield. He told Chewbacca to trust him, promising that they could go their separate ways if he chose to do so afterward. Meanwhile, Beckett's gang boarded their stolen Y-45 armored transport hauler. Throwing off his Imperial army helmet and uniform, Rio asked how they could breathe in those stuffy suits. The three took off, but Beckett spotted Han and Chewbacca waving to them below. Rio was impressed by Solo's determination and believed that a Wookiee would be helpful as muscle. Val was opposed, but Rio convinced Beckett to bring the ship down so they could pick up Han and Chewbacca. The five then departed Mimban in the stolen hauler.