hansolo-short-5.txt
Beckett, Han, and Chewie traveled to the outskirts of Fort Ypso, where Vos' yacht, First Light, had arrived. After surrendering their weapons to Captain Aemon Gremm, they entered the public gallery. Beckett's team entered the yacht's hallway. Beckett spoke to Vos' concierge, Margo, seeking an audience with Dryden Vos. She told him that Vos was having an audience with Governor Diles Anevi, whom Vos killed. Captain Gremm informed Vos of Beckett's presence. Beckett advised Han and Chewbacca to keep their eyes down because the people there were not their friends, gesturing to the wealthy people around them, eating and drinking the most expensive, tasty, and quality food available. Han soon had an unexpected reunion with Qi'ra, who now worked for Vos. The two drank together while reminiscing about their past and ambitions. Beckett soon arrived with Vos, who introduced himself to Solo and shook his hand, as he then did with Chewie. Vos suggested they go to his office to discuss business privately.\n\nAfter exchanging pleasantries, Vos chastised Beckett for underestimating Enfys Nest and told Beckett to give him a reason not to kill them. Since the few available stocks of coaxium were in Imperial hands, Han proposed stealing unrefined coaxium from Kessel, where the Pyke Syndicate ran a mining operation. Vos was unwilling to jeopardize his syndicate's business relations with the Pykes, and consequentially gestured for his guards to kill Solo, Beckett, and Chewie. However, Han and Beckett informed him that they had no alliance with the Pykes, and taking on the operation themselves would not implicate Crimson Dawn. Qi'ra was supportive of Han's idea but warned that the unstable coaxium had to be brought to a processing facility quickly before it deteriorated. Chewbacca suggested Savareen since it was not under Imperial control. Vos approved of the plan but sent Qi'ra along with them. Before they left, Vos reminded them that he would be forced to execute them if they were to fail him again. In the turbolift, Beckett said he could provide the gear for the mission, before asking if Qi'ra knew where to find a ship.