hansolo-short-1.txt 
Acting under orders from Lady Proxima, Han set up a deal with some individuals to exchange coaxium for credits. Qi'ra suggested that Han shouldn't go alone, but both Proxima and Han disagreed with her. Upon meeting with the individuals, Han got into a fight with them due to having not abided by their stated terms and proceeded to escape with an extremely valuable vial of coaxium, as well as a speeder. Han fled the criminals on his M-68 landspeeder through the streets of Coronet City. He drove through a bridge and hung his dice on the windscreen.\n\nUpon arriving at the Den of the White Worms, he and the other Scrumrats were herded by Lady Proxima's enforcers into her underground chamber. Three children fought over stolen items they had pickpocketed. Han and Qi'ra embraced each other in a tunnel. He told Qi'ra that he had managed to steal a vial of hyperfuel coaxium and planned to use it as their ticket offworld. Moloch, Syke, and Rebolt soon caught up with them and brought Han before Lady Proxima, who asked Han for a progress report. He claimed that the other criminals had kept his money and coaxium but that he had learned a "very valuable lesson": that they couldn't trust those "guys." Lady Proxima was furious that Han had come back with nothing from his errand. Rebolt beat Han with a stick. A defiant Han grabbed Rebolt's stick and said that he would beat those who beat him. Moloch raised his blaster at Han but Qi'ra stopped him. Lady Proxima warned Qi'ra not to disobey her. Han pulled out a rock and claimed to have a thermal detonator but Proxima was not fooled. Han revealed that it was a bluff and hurled the rock through the ceiling, letting in a beam of sunlight. Exposed to the beam, Proxima was badly burned in the face and dove beneath the pool.\n\nHan and Qi'ra escaped in Han's stolen M-68 landspeeder and raced out of the White Worms' den into the streets of Coronet. Han's plan was to drive to Coronet Spaceport with the stolen coaxium and use it to bribe their way offworld. Han vowed to be a pilot and see the galaxy. Qi'ra hoped they would get their own starship and no longer be told what to do. The pair were soon pursued by Moloch's A-A4B truckspeeder, which was also carrying two Corellian hounds. Moloch rammed his truckspeeder against Han's landspeeder. After narrowly avoiding a truck, Han drove through an Imperial checkpoint. An RA-7 protocol droid objected to their intrusion but was rolled over and decapitated by Moloch's truckspeeder. When Qi'ra said that Moloch was fast, Han reassured her that they were faster. Han's landspeeder and Moloch's truckspeeder were pursued by an Imperial patrol trooper riding a C-PH patrol speeder bike. However, the rider crashed into a barrier. Han and Qi'ra drove through a factory with Moloch hot on their tail. Han managed to escape Moloch's truck by driving the landspeeder through a tight corner. With the landspeeder stuck, Moloch dispatched Rebolt and the Corellian hounds after them.