hansolo-short-0.txt
Han was born in a rough-and-tumble favela on the planet Corellia during the waning years of the Galactic Republic in 32 BBY. Sometime after he became famous, it would be rumored by a Snivvian bounty hunter that Han was actually a descendant of the Prince-Admiral Jonashe Solo, a member of the ancient Corellian royalty. During his formative years, his father Ovan worked in the Corellian Engineering Corporation shipyards, building vessels such as YT-1300 light freighters until he was laid off. Solo's father wished he could leave Corellia on such a ship, but was never able to afford to. According to Han, he was never close with his father. At one point his father brought him to the freighter factory where he worked and pointed out to the young Han that the ships being built there were his contributions to the galaxy, but that they ultimately didn't matter. He advised him that he wasn't meant to build ships, but rather to fly them. Eventually, his father abandoned him. At some point he met the Ithorian Pjolan.\nAround 24 BBY, Han joined the White Worms criminal gang as a scrumrat. Here, Han met fellow scrumrat Qi'ra. Despite being in service to the gang, Han showed considerable defiance towards them and their methods. One day, he intervened as a smaller child was attacked by a group of bullies, which led to Han getting beaten as well. Afterwards, Qi'ra asked Han why he helped the child despite not getting anything in return. Han answered that while that might be how the galaxy works, it didn't always have to be that way.\nWhen Han was about the age of eighteen, Han and Qi'ra were vying for the position of Head within the White Worms. During their respective assignments, Han and Qi'ra both failed to deliver as promised, leading them to be hunted down by factions such as the White Worms, the Kaldana Syndicate, as well as the Empire. Han had acquired a datacube with plans for a shield generator that was desired by all the factions. Han and Qi'ra had no choice but to partner up to find a resolution to their problems. Eventually, Qi'ra became Head thanks to Han's recommendation to Lady Proxima. As they later ate together, Han asked if he and Qi'ra were on their first date. Qi'ra denied it, but acknowledged the possibility that it could happen someday. Sometime later, Han and Qi'ra began a romantic relationship.