hansolo-short-6.txt
As they approached Kessel, Beckett briefed the team about their plan to reach the thermal vault where the coaxium was stored. He warned everyone to stick to the plan. The Falcon landed in a clearing at the base of the mine where they were greeted by several Pykes, including Capo Quay Tolsite. Qi'ra posed as the slaver Oksana Floren, Deputy Assistant to the Vice Admiral of the Federation of Trade Route Allocation and Monetization. Han and Chewbacca posed as slaves while Beckett posed as a helmeted "security attache." L3-37 posed as a servant droid. "Floren" met with Capo Tolsite and offered to trade the Federation's slaves in return for the Pyke Syndicate's spice. One of the Pyke sentinels forced Chewbacca and Han Solo to their knees with a pike and inspected them. Tolsite sent Han and Chewbacca to be clipped. Before leaving, Qi'ra then punched Han in the gut but discreetly passed him his lucky charm. Qi'ra, L3-37, and Beckett accompanied the Pykes into Tolsite's control room while Han and Chewie were led into the mines. Moments later, Han and Chewie were beaten by their Pyke captors, though they soon turned the tables on their guards as the camera feed faded. Han knocked out his guard, but Chewie ended up pulling the arms off his captors, which Han complained about, stating that the suit would have fit him perfectly.\n\nHan eventually found a new suit and, alongside Chewbacca, mingled among the slaves and guards. L3-37 and Qi'ra directed Han and Chewbacca to the thermal vault. As they approached the vaults, Chewbacca broke off to free a Wookiee slave named Sagwa. Han passed Chewie a pike, which he used to attack the Pyke guards beating Sagwa. Following Beckett's directions, Han reached the vault and incapacitated the guard. After L3-37 unlocked the vault, Han stole 12 unrefined coaxium canisters. Han struggled to push a sled carrying the canisters but was noticed by the Pyke guards. Chewbacca came to the rescue and took out the guards with his pike. Sagwa and Chewie helped Han push out the canisters.\n\nLando exited the Millennium Falcon to join the battle as Han and the rest of the team fought their way out with the liberated slaves and droids. While Chewbacca and Sagwa loaded the coaxium canisters aboard the Falcon, Han and the others exchanged fire with Pyke sentries, who had brought a sonic cannon. Before they could leave, L3 was fatally damaged by gunfire. A grieving Lando came to the aid of the dying L3-37, who succumbed to systems failure. Lando was hit, and Han came to his aid, driving the sentries away. A slave named Tak led the slaves to safety. Chewbacca embraced Sagwa before leaving with Han and Lando. Chewbacca carried a wounded Lando aboard the Falcon while Qi'ra took out the Pykes' sonic cannon with a grenade, causing an inferno. While a distraught Lando cradled a disintegrating L3, Beckett ordered Han to get them out of Kessel. Han then flew the Falcon out of the mine into the skies of Kessel.\n\nDuring the escape, Solo flew the Falcon, with Chewbacca as his copilot, for the first of many times. Because the crew stole the coaxium fuel as unrefined, it was necessary to make the escape from Kessel to the refinery on Savareen in record time, prompting Solo to plot a shorter and much more dangerous course through the maelstrom that surrounded Kessel and near a gravity well called the Maw, reducing the typical distance required from 20 to 12 parsecs.