Knowing that they would need a fast ship for the Kessel heist, Qi'ra took Solo and his companions to The Lodge at nearby Fort Ypso. There, she introduced the team to Lando Calrissian, an accomplished smuggler and pilot who had supposedly won his ship in a game of sabacc. Solo walked past many established scoundrels and bounty hunters, such as Boba Fett and Dengar, unaware that they would become a key part of his life in the future. After walking past two dueling droids, Solo and the rest of the crew eventually found Lando playing sabacc with several alien patrons. Against Qi'ra and Chewbacca's advice, Han challenged Lando to a game of sabacc, seeking to win his ship. Han won the first round and collected several credits. While Han and Lando were playing, the Cloud-Rider Weazel spied on them. Han agreed to a second round and placed a wager on Lando's ship, reputed to be the fastest in the galaxy, whilst Lando did the same for the ship Han claimed to have. However, Lando used a sleight of hand to win the game, ultimately humiliating Han in front of Qi'ra.\n\nFollowing the game, an enraged Solo questioned how Lando could have possibly had a specific card without cheating. Calrissian called out to Han questioning where his ship was, before being interrupted by Qi'ra. Lando complimented her, stating that she looked as beautiful as ever, before speaking further with her regarding their upcoming heist on Kessel. Calrissian requested half the profits, which Solo deemed to be ridiculous, before Beckett arrived and negotiated it down to 25 percent. Lando agreed, knowing that Beckett was responsible for killing the bounty hunter Aurra Sing during a skirmish. Han and his companions soon encountered Lando's droid co-pilot, L3-37, who had a female programming and was an avowed droid rights advocate. L3-37 objected to the droid fighting pits at the Lodge and picked a fight with the owner Ralakili, who objected to her trying to stop his droids from fighting. However, Lando intervened and convinced her to let him go. Despite L3-37's misgivings about the newcomer, Lando and the others set out for Lando's ship, which had been impounded. After L3-37 cut a hole through the gate, Lando showed Han and his companions his ship, the Millennium Falcon. Lando had refurbished the ship, including installing an escape pod and wet bar. Beckett agreed to remove the gravity lock in return for taking five percent off Lando's cut, reducing it to 20 percent. Lando reluctantly agreed to Beckett's deal. As the Falcon disembarked, Weazel informed Enfys Nest that they had planted a homing beacon on the ship. Enfys gambled that if they survived, they would bring the price to them.