hansolo-short-2.txt
Later during flight school, Han asked the instructor if there would be flying at any point. It took time, but eventually Han entered the cockpit of a TIE fighter. He made it to third place on the leader board. During a another flight class, the teacher Yurib Nakan, told the class to work in pairs and destroy a cannon's shield. Han and Tamu were partners for this exercise. Tamu's fighter was damaged, and Han saved him. When the training was over, Lyttan thanked Han for saving his brother's life. Soon after, a cadet came to Lyttan and said that he broke off before he could get a shot. Yurib then said that everyone failed the training. Han's actions of saving a cadet could have given Han a chance to become the best pilot the Galactic Empire had ever seen, but Han's fellow cadets might kill Han before he could do so. Solo claimed they should have earned partial credit since the team worked together.\n\nSolo and the other cadets were ordered to make soup for the all the cadets. During the night, Solo snuck out of his bunk and cleaned the floors in the refresher, but logged Valance as having done all the assignments. As a result, the next morning, Solo and the other cadets were assigned to the Quasar Fire-class carrier cruiser 07200823 by Yurib. Their orders were to transport several TIE fighter pilots. During the voyage, Solo was able to modify the cruiser's speed to give him and the cadets a day off. Solo also revealed he had day passes and told them there was a Pantolomin cruiser nearby they could visit and gave them civilian clothes. Despite Nico's objections, Solo was able to convince them to leave the cruiser.\n\nAboard the cruiser, Solo told his fellow cadets to have some fun. Solo played sabacc with Nico and attempted to learn her reasons for joining the Imperial Navy. Nico refused to tell him why and deduced how Solo pulled off the excursion. She also noticed him eyeing an Ithorian. Solo was soon left to himself and met up with Pjolan. Solo attempted to drink an Ithorian ale to no avail. Han also asked Pjolan about Qi'ra. Pjolan said nothing, indicating that Qi'ra was still alive, but told Solo that Lady Proxima had a 200-credit bounty on him, so he pulled a blaster on Han. He was saved by Nico, and the two of them went to get Lyttan and Tamu. Pjolan attempted to collect Solo's bounty, but Solo was able to inform Black Sun, the cruiser's owners, about Pjolan, and the cartel captured him. Solo and the other cadets were allowed to leave with their thanks. Solo and the others were able to return cruiser 07200823 to Carida's academy. Upon their return, they were reinstated to full flight status. Later the cadets were told by Yurib to come to the training room the next evening.