After Han and Chewbacca's escape from Mimban, Beckett took the transport hauler to the snowy, mountainous world of Vandor. While watching over the snowy mountains from the hauler, Han thanked Chewbacca for saving him, acknowledging that he only survived because of the Wookiee. He shared his plan with Chewbacca, explaining that they would do one job with Beckett's gang in exchange for their freedom. Chewbacca accepted the deal. Han asked Chewbacca for his name and settled on "Chewie," finding it easier to say than his full name in Shyriiwook. Upon landing, Beckett enlisted the two of them for a planned heist to steal a shipment of the hyperfuel refined coaxium from a 20-T Railcrawler conveyex transport on Vandor. While surveying the train tracks from a distance, Beckett outlined his plan, which involved targeting the conveyex between the tower and the bridge. Rio dropped them onto the conveyex, allowing them to separate the payload container and lift it up onto the AT hauler. Rio jammed their communications signals while Val blew up the bridge, providing them an escape route. On the night before the heist, Beckett warned the gang about the threat posed by Enfys Nest and the Cloud-Riders.\n\nWhile resting by the campfire, Val criticized Beckett for involving Han and Chewbacca, considering them amateurs, questioning why they couldn't have simply hired professionals such as the Xan sisters or Bossk. Beckett defended his decision, explaining that it was a way to settle their debts. During the campfire conversation, Beckett and his associates questioned Han about his motives. Han revealed his plans to become a pilot and return to find Qi'ra. Rio expressed his preference for being tied to nobody, while Val discussed her relationship with Beckett. Solo then asked Chewbacca what he would do with his share of the profits, with Chewbacca responding that he would use it to help the Wookiee's on Kashyyyk. Beckett promised Han and Chewbacca that if they followed his instructions, they would have more than enough to buy their own ship, before disassembling one of his blaster rifles into a DL-44 pistol, and tossing it over to Han, who gazed down upon his new weapon.