While Rio flew the Y-45 hauler, Han, Chewbacca, and Beckett landed on the cargo wagon carrying coaxium, with Val positioning herself on the bridge. The presence of Beckett and his team soon attracted the attention of Imperial range troopers, leading to an exchange of fire. As the conveyex train maneuvered along a narrow cliff face, Han and Chewie narrowly avoided being crushed against rocks. Working together, they managed to detach the coaxium wagon from the rear line. Maintaining communication with Beckett, Rio lowered the "witch cables" onto the coaxium wagon. However, before Beckett's gang could escape with the stolen coaxium, they were attacked by the Cloud-Riders, who rode swoop bikes. Enfys Nest, the leader of the Cloud-Riders, ordered her followers to lower their harpoons. Han and the others evaded blaster fire, and one of the swoop bikes crashed against a rock. Two of the Cloud-Riders boarded the Y-45 hauler and fatally wounded Durant. Solo left Chewbacca to uncouple the wagon from the front train while he went to assist Rio.\n\nSolo managed to climb aboard the transport hauler and take control of the ship, triggering a security sensor in the process. Val warned Han that Viper probe droids were heading his way. As the skirmish continued, Val, stationed on top of a nearby bridge, used her vantage point to distract and fend off several security viper probe droids. With his dying breath, Durant apologized to Solo for mocking his flying abilities and acknowledged that Val was right in her belief that no one should die alone. Beckett fought Enfys Nest on top of the wagon. However, the conveyex train was rapidly approaching the bridge, and Val realized there wasn't enough time for her to abandon her position without allowing the crew to steal the coaxium wagon. After communicating her change of plans to Beckett via comlink, Val professed her love for him before detonating the bomb, sacrificing herself and destroying the bridge. The destruction of the bridge caused the conveyex to plunge into a deep gorge. In a struggle, Chewbacca managed to detach the coaxium wagon from the rest of the train. However, the Cloud-Riders had attached grappling hooks to the wagon, dragging it down. Not wanting to risk the lives of Beckett and Chewbacca, Solo made the difficult decision to let go of the coaxium wagon, which plummeted into the ravine below and exploded. Chewbacca grabbed Beckett, and the two survived by clinging to the cable.