Over three years after the Death Star's destruction at Skywalker's hand at the Battle of Yavin, the Alliance established a new base in the Anoat sector on the ice planet Hoth, far from the Empire's reach. The base was aptly designated Echo Base, as it was carved into the rocky caverns of the Clabburn Range of mountains. Within months of the new base being established, Solo, Organa, Skywalker, and the others of Organa's team were deployed by Rebel High Command to Hoth aboard the Falcon. Solo and Skywalker scouted out the land around the base on regular recon missions as a part of their duties, using reptilian tauntauns as mounts to better traverse the freezing landscape.\n\nSolo took well to mounting and riding the unruly tauntauns and was sent on a reconnaissance mission in order to locate a ship that had gone missing a month before during a snow storm. The deflector shield which protected Echo Base from attack had been damaged and made inoperative, and the equipment aboard the lost ship was needed to repair the shield's generator. At dawn, Solo, Organa, and the rebel veteran Twi'lek General Hera Syndulla ventured into the frigid mountains in search of the lost ship. Throughout the day, however, Solo and Syndulla mastered tauntaun riding, while Organa had trouble controlling her beast and—to Solo's amusement—was de-saddled. While Solo helped the Princess re-mount her tauntaun, he informed the search team that night was fast approaching and they would soon have to return to Echo Base empty-handed. For her part, Organa insisted they couldn't return without first finding the lost ship. As she spoke, Organa again lost control of her tauntaun and stumbled backwards and fell from a steep embankment into a pit. Panicked, Solo and Syndulla rushed to the cliff edge and were relieved to see the princess unharmed, having literally stumbled across the lost Rebel ship at the bottom of the pit. Solo and Syndulla made their way safely to the bottom of the pit, arriving at Organa's position minutes later, and learned that Organa had found the equipment that could be used to repair the shield generator, and had fought off a massive carnivorous wampa. The trio then returned to Echo Base victorious.\n\nAt some point, Solo and his allies ran into the bounty hunter Skorr on Ord Mantell. The encounter convinced him to leave and fulfill his debt to Jabba, so he began repairing the Falcon on Hoth. Believing himself to be leaving, he, after scouting around the frozen wastes of Hoth with Skywalker under the callsign Echo Seven, had a heated conversation with Leia, claiming that she had romantic feelings towards him. After this debate, Solo learned Luke had gone missing on patrol. Riding out on a tauntaun named Murra in the midst of snowstorm, Han found Luke had been attacked by a wampa. After Murra collapsed and died from the cold, Han used Luke's lightsaber to cut the animal open and placed him inside to prevent him from freezing to death. After bringing Luke back to recover from his injuries, Han and Chewbacca went out to investigate a signal and encountered an Imperial probe droid. Realizing the Empire had discovered their location, the Rebels decided to evacuate. During the ensuing battle, Han rescued Leia from the collapsed command center, leading her towards her transport. A tunnel collapse cut off their way there, so Han, Chewie, Leia, and C-3PO escaped on the still-unrepaired Falcon.