After being rescued, Han joined the Alliance and was given the rank of General. As part of the attack on the second Death Star, with Skywalker, Organa, and Chewbacca, Han commandeered the Tydirium, a captured Imperial shuttle, and took a Rebel strike team to the forest moon of Endor to disable the shields protecting the superweapon. Shortly after landing on the forest moon, the strike team encountered a group of scout troopers. Solo attempted to sneak up on them, but failed to do so, alerting them and allowing two to escape. Luke and Leia hopped on a speeder to pursue them, leaving Solo and the rest of the strike team behind.
Luke eventually made his way back to the rest of the Rebels, without information on Leia. Luke, Han, Chewie, Artoo, and Threepio set off to find Leia, while Han sent the rest of the strike team to move towards the shield generator. While looking, the group was captured by Ewoks. The furry tribesmen believed C-3PO to be a god, and attempted to cook the others at a banquet in his honor. However, Luke used the Force to levitate the "god" in a demonstration of his "magic", frightening the Ewoks into releasing the others. At the village, the Rebels found Leia, and C-3PO managed to befriend the Ewoks. Luke then left the other rebels to confront his father, Darth Vader.\n\nThe next day, Solo's group met up with the main Rebel strike team at the shield generator, but Ewok scouts informed them of a less-guarded rear entrance. After three of the four guards were distracted by the Ewok Paploo, the Rebels neutralized the last guard and entered the shield bunker. But the operation proved to be a trap, and Solo and the Rebels were captured. However, the Empire had not expected the Ewoks to attack, which allowed the Rebels to escape. For most of the battle, Han stayed at the door, trying to open it. After R2-D2 was damaged while attempting to open it, Han unsuccessfully tried to hotwire the door open. He then impersonated the pilot of an AT-ST that had been captured by Chewbacca and two Ewoks, getting the Imperials to open the doors. Han was then able to place detonators inside the shield generator, destroying it and leaving the Death Star vulnerable to attack. Han and Leia witnessed the Death Star's destruction, and she revealed to him that Luke was her brother. Solo participated with the other Rebels and Ewoks in the victory celebration held that night.