hansolo-short-32.txt
Twenty-four years after the Battle of Endor, Han Solo traveled to the planet Theron to manage a prestigious racing championship called the Five Sabers. While staying in temporary quarters, he corresponded with Leia, who told her husband about the fractured state of the Galactic Senate. When Leia told Han about her desire to resign from the Senate, Han expressed puzzlement, since his wife had devoted much of her adult life to politics. Sensing Leia's frustration, Solo invited his wife to take a break and travel around the galaxy with him for three months. Despite their different personalities, Leia agreed that she needed a break from her senatorial career.
However, Leia was forced to suspend her vacation plans after her faction, the Populists, convinced her to stand for the position of First Senator. The rival Centrist faction, which supported a stronger central government, had successfully passed a motion calling for the creation of First Senator in order to end the deadlock plaguing the Republic. Despite their initial opposition, the Populists, who preferred a more decentralized government, had decided to change tactics in order to prevent a Centrist from holding that office. Due to her prestige as a prominent former rebel leader, Leia had reluctantly agreed to allow an exploratory committee to explore her suitability for First Senator.\n\nWhile Han was repairing the rear engines of a starship, he was contacted by his wife. Solo was mildly disappointed with his wife's change of plans but agreed that a Populist should serve as First Senator. Solo also informed his wife that he was supervising the lunar relays of the Five Sabers. Due to the complicated nature of the repairs, Han remarked that he wished that Greer Sonnel, a former racer and Junior Sabers champion who was serving as Leia's pilot, was still on his team. When Leia apologized for delaying their planned holiday, Han reassured her that she was doing the right thing by putting duty to the New Republic first. Leia promised to take a break with her husband "someday."\n\nIn addition to the First Senatorship, Leia was involved in a sensitive Senate investigation into the Nikto crime lord Rinnrivin Di's cartel, a new criminal outfit that was choking the economy of the Gaulus sector. Leia was assisted in this investigation by an unlikely ally, the idealistic Centrist senator Ransolm Casterfo. Over the course of their investigation, the two discovered that Rinnrivin was linked to a paramilitary faction called the Amaxine warriors. In an attempt to sow discord, Arliz Hadrassian, a former TIE fighter pilot who had become the Amaxines' leader, bombed the New Republic senatorial complex's conference building. Leia survived the bombing and transmitted a voice-message telling her husband that she was safe and that he did not need to come to Hosnian Prime. While on Theron, Solo received news about the Senate bombing and saw footage of the damage. Later, Solo contacted Leia to send his wife a goodwill message and to keep in touch.\n\nWhile Leia was visiting Ryloth as part of her investigation, Han Solo sent a holomessage expressing hope that his wife's side project was going well. He informed her that the Five Sabers was heading to the fourth stage of the Sabers. Due to the sublight relay round, Han told her that he would be out of comm range for a while. He also told her to take care of herself and complimented her.