hansolo-short-30.txt
Han and his team learned that Grand Moff Lozen Tolruck had fitted all of the Wookiees on Kashyyyk with inhibitor chips. Tolruck controlled these inhibitor chips with a control module which he kept on his person. For the next month, Han and his team spent their time searching for Tolruck's island fortress and gathering Wookiee exiles and smugglers for a mass uprising. On one mission, Jom Barell was captured by Tolruck's forces and imprisoned at his island fortress. While Sinjir entered the island fortress to free Jom and disabled Tolruck's control module, Han and his team disabled the deflector shield generator at Camp Sardo. Despite being attacked by Imperial forces, Jas managed to take out the shield generator.\n\nAfter Sinjir disabled Tolruck's control module, a mass planetwide Wookiee uprising broke out. The Wookiees and their rebel allies quickly overwhelmed the outnumbered Imperial garrison. When the orbiting Imperial Star Destroyers began bombarding Kashyyyk, Han, Chewbacca, and their fellow rebels managed to evacuate the civilians underground. They then took a ship loaded with webweaver spiders aboard the Star Destroyer Dominion and fought their way through the ship's corridors. However, they were captured by stormtroopers who brought them before Vice Admiral Domm Korgale.\n\nBefore the admiral could eliminate Han and his team, New Republic reinforcements arrived in the Kashyyyk system in the form of Leia and the Millennium Falcon, Antilles' Phantom Squadron, and Admiral Ackbar's flagship, Home One. Han and Chewbacca managed to break free of their captors and seize control of the Dominion. Han and his team then turned the ship's guns on the Star Destroyer Vitiator. As a result, the remaining Star Destroyer Neutralizer surrendered to Admiral Ackbar.\n\nFollowing the battle, Han and Leia experienced an emotional reunion aboard the Dominion. Returning to Kashyyyk, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia learned about the Liberation Day attacks on Chandrila. With the Wookiees undertaking mop-up operations against the remaining Imperial holdouts on Kashyyyk, Han insisted that Chewbacca stay behind and reunite with his family. However, he told Chewbacca that he would return if he ever needed help. Han then left Kashyyyk aboard the Falcon with Leia and their unborn child, Ben Solo.