hansolo-short-30.txt
Norra, her son Temmin Wexley, his battle droid Mister Bones, the Zabrak bounty hunter Jas Emari, the former Imperial loyalty officer Sinjir Rath Velus, and the New Republic soldier Jom Barell traveled to the planet Irudiru after learning that Solo had last been sighted at Warrin Station. There, they found Solo while scouting the compound of the Siniteen prison designer Golas Aram. At a nearby cantina, Solo informed his allies that he had discovered that Chewbacca was being held at Ashmead's Lock and that Aram was responsible for designing the prison. During their initial encounter, Solo was accosted by Mister Bones, who mistook him for a threat.\n\nWorking together, Solo and Norra's team managed to breach the compound and capture Aram. Under duress, Aram told the rebels how to enter Ashmead's Lock. However, he omitted the password that would allow them unhindered passage inside the prison. Traveling to the Kashyyyk system in the Millennium Falcon and Emari's ship Halo, Solo and Norra's team gained clearance to land at Ashmead's Lock by claiming to be a repair team. Upon entering the prison, Han and the rebels were accosted by the prison's computer security system SOL-GDA, which dispatched security droids to integrate them.
Temmin discovered that the prison was being powered by the prisoners who were being housed inside stasis cells. Using this information, Han and Norra managed to disable the power generator. As a result, Han and Norra's team were able to free Chewbacca and a hundred other prisoners including Norra's husband and Temmin's father Brentin Lore Wexley. While Norra, Temmin, and Mister Bones took the liberated prisoners back to Chandrila on the Falcon, Han stayed behind with Chewbacca, Jas, Sinjir, and Jom to complete their mission to liberate the Wookiees. Unknown to Han and his allies, the Imperial Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax had inserted inorganic bio-chip implants inside the prisoners as part of a plot to assassinate the New Republic leadership.