hansolo-short-31.txt
Following the events on Nakadia, Han returned home and reunited with his wife. When Leia praised him for "making things right", Solo told her that the Battle of Jakku was happening. He predicted that it would be a big battle. In private, Han confided that it felt strange that he, Leia, Luke, Chewbacca, C-3PO, and R2-D2 were not part of the final battle. Leia reassured him that they had their own adventure. Han responded that it was the end of an era while Leia replied that it was the start of a new one.
The Battle of Jakku turned out to be a decisive victory for the New Republic. Facing imminent defeat, Grand Vizier Mas Amedda on Coruscant sent peace overtures to Chancellor Mothma. Han and his wife attended the peace talks where Chancellor Mothma and Grand Vizier Amedda signed the Imperial Instruments of Surrender and the Galactic Concordance. The signing occurred during the third hour of Leia's labor, but she only told her husband after the ceremony was complete. Solo rushed her to the birthing chamber in the heart of Hanna City.\n\nLeia gave birth to a son named Ben Solo. Following a gathering of family and friends, Han stared into his son's eyes and pondered how he had become a father. While Leia was showering in the next room, Solo told his son that while the whole galaxy was against them, they would still make it through okay. Though Solo confided that he might not make a good father, he promised to keep them pointed in the right direction. Solo also gave Ben his first lesson: sometimes doing the right thing doesn't mean following a straight line. Solo told his baby son not to tell his mother.\n\nWhen Ben cried, Han tried to comfort him with a small tooka doll, but this failed to pacify the baby. Leia then heard her son crying. When Han said that it was not his fault, Leia reassured him that babies cried. Han sensed that Leia had a connection through the Force that he could never have with Ben. Han suggested using the Force, but Leia advised him to pick up their son and snuggle him. Han reluctantly snuggled his son and Ben stopped crying. When Han sighed that he could never have the same Force connection, Leia told him that fathers had a special connection with their offspring.