hansolo-short-31.txt
Over the next several months leading to the Battle of Jakku, Han Solo and Princess Leia prepared for the coming of their child. With Leia approaching labor, Solo hired a protocol droid named T-2LC (or "Elsie") as a nanny. One day, Solo bought his wife a sack of jogan fruits. Leia was annoyed with Solo for overdoing it and reminded him that Dr. Harter Kalonia had said to incorporate jogan into her diet and not to replace everything with it. While chatting with his wife about the liberation of Kashyyyk and galactic politics, Han and Leia were contacted on hologram by the New Republic operative Norra Wexley. Norra said that she was traveling to the Inner Rim world of Jakku to hunt down Grand Admiral Rae Sloane, the purported instigator behind the Liberation Day attacks on Chandrila.\n\nNorra Wexley's team subsequently discovered that most of the Galactic Empire had retreated to Jakku. While Norra, the bounty hunter Jas Emari, and the battle droid Mister Bones infiltrated Jakku, Temmin and Sinjir returned to Chandrila with news about the Imperial presence. They visited Leia's domicile and warned Princess Leia and Han Solo about the Empire. Temmin tried to convince Solo to lend him his famous freighter, the Millennium Falcon. However, Solo thought that the mission was too risky and was unwilling to risk his ship.\n\nBefore the argument could escalate, Chancellor Mon Mothma entered the domicile and asked Temmin and Sinjir about the Imperial presence on Jakku. Following the meeting, Temmin and Sinjir managed to convince Han and Leia to lend them the Millennium Falcon. However, the two were stopped from leaving Chandrila by Senate Guards who had been dispatched by Senator Tolwar Wartol, a rival of Chancellor Mothma. Wartol had secretly installed a listening device inside T-2LC. In an attempt to discredit Chancellor Mothma, Wartol leaked news about the Imperial presence to HoloNet News. Solo and Leia learned about the leak while watching the morning news.