Han and Leia were later confronted by an angry Sinjir, who believed that they had double-crossed him and Temmin. Han and Leia managed to set the record straight. They then realized that Senator Wartol's leak and the Senate guards stopping Sinjir and Temmin were linked. When Sinjir voiced his suspicion that there was a spy bug in Leia's domicile, Han did not believe it, but Leia shared Sinjir's suspicion. Sinjir brought his former lover Conder Kyl, a slicer, to Leia's domicile. Conder found that the listening device was inside T-2LC. Following the discovery, Han told Elsie to hold still and warned that it was going to sting a little.\n\nAfter removing the listening device and handing it to Chancellor Mothma, Han led a team consisting of Sinjir, Temmin, Conder, and Jom Barell to the New Republic's new capital of Nakadia. Their mission was to investigate the five senators who had opposed Chancellor Mothma's resolution to send military forces to Jakku: Ashmin Ek, Rethalow, Dor Wieedo, Grelka Sorka, and Nim Tar. While Sinjir and the others trailed four of the senators at a restaurant called Izzik's in Nakadia's capital Quarrow, Han went to spy on Senator Dor Wieedo. The Rodian senator was aboard his ship at the northernmost spaceport outside Quarrow.\n\nAfter several hours had passed, Solo witnessed two Nikto and a Klatooinian approach Wieedo's ship. Unknown to Solo, these aliens were members of the Red Key Raiders, a crime syndicate that was plotting with Black Sun to prolong the war. Solo managed to warn his comrades. However, the criminals discovered his presence and locked him in a rubbish bin. Meanwhile, Conder was kidnapped by other Red Key gangsters. Sinjir and Temmin found Solo and returned to the Falcon. Despite their setbacks, Jom managed to kidnap Senator Rethalow, who confessed to his dealings with Red Key and Black Sun.\n\nBefore they could spirit Rethalow away into hiding, Han and his team members decided to rescue Conder, Nim Tar's child, and Sorka's pet jerba. Conder used his transceiver tooth to transmit his coordinates to Sinjir. Han and his team flew the Millennium Falcon through a red warehouse roof, which turned out to be the Red Key's base. After subduing the gangsters, they rescued Conder and Nim Tar's child. Posing as an adviser to the Chancellor, Sinjir transmitted a missive offering the five senators pardons and other political favors if they changed their votes during the re-vote scheduled to be held at the Quarrow Senate house. As a result, Mothma's resolution passed, and the New Republic was able to dispatch military forces to Jakku.