hansolo-short-32.txt
Han and Leia would cross paths again due to unforeseen circumstances. Later, the Centrist Senator Lady Carise Sindian, a secret agent of an Imperial remnant known as the First Order, discovered information about Leia's true parentage as the daughter of Darth Vader on Birren. Alarmed at the friendship between Ransolm Casterfo and Leia, Lady Carise shared this information with him, knowing Ransolm's hatred for Vader. Feeling betrayed, Casterfo upstaged the Senate hearing into Leia's nomination for First Senator by revealing Leia's parentage to the assembled senators. This revelation destroyed Leia's credibility and forced her to withdraw her nomination.\n\nStill determined to continue her investigation into Rinnrivin's cartel and the Amaxines, Leia and her team took leave to travel to Sibensko, where the two groups were hiding. There, Leia discovered that the Amaxines were funding Rinnrivin's cartel and were also marshaling troops, weapons, and starships for an attack on the New Republic. During her mission, Leia was pursued by the Amaxine warriors and fled up a landing platform, where she was corned by two Amaxine starfighters. Han arrived on a racer and rescued his wife. Together, the couple shot down the enemy fighters. One of the fighters, a B-wing, collided with the underwater base's ammunition depot, triggering a massive explosion that destroyed the underwater city and the Amaxine army.\n\nFollowing the Sibensko mission, Han and his wife returned to Leia's apartment in Hosnian Prime. When Leia expressed despair that many of her former colleagues and comrades were shunning her for simply being Vader's daughter, Solo reassured her that this storm would pass and that people would remember her for who she was. Han counseled his wife to remember those friends who stuck by her and to ignore the rest of the galaxy. When Han criticized Casterfo, Leia sprung to her former friend's defense by pointing out that he was a decent man who hated Vader. Han then advised his wife to forget Casterfo and to use the political scandal as an opportunity to retire from politics for good.\n\nHowever, Leia still had one piece of unfinished business left: the findings of her investigation into Rinnrivin Di's cartel and the Amaxines. Leia wanted to address the Senate, but she needed to gain a quorum from a majority of senators. While Han thought that no more threats to the Republic existed with the demise of Rinnrivin and the Amaxines, Leia suspected that there were other like-minded groups seeking to overthrow the Republic. Han counseled his wife to rest for the night, and the couple expressed their love for each other.\n\nThe following morning, the sports channels reported that Han Solo had left the Theron system after the end of the last Sabers round. There was also speculation on whether he would return for the final championship race. Later that evening, Han bought his wife Bilbringi cheesy meat pies for dinner. While eating, the couple received news that Leia had received a quorum to address the Senate due to Casterfo's favorable vote. Han then told his wife that things would improve and that he would stay with her for as long as she needed him. Leia reassured her husband that she would be able to handle the hearing on her own and told him that he could return to the Sabers championship. Shortly, Solo returned to the Five Sabers race.