Sometime later, Solo and Chewbacca aided Khel Tanna and her crew with a heist on Galator III. Though they were late to the rendezvous point, they rescued the crew from local security, with Solo ramming the Falcon through a casino cruiser in order to escape. Upon returning to Jabba's Palace, Solo and Chewbacca were paid for their work by Jabba. Jabba then gave them their next assignment; stealing a verillix urn which contained the ashes of one of Jabba's most hated rivals, Krestrel D'Naran. Offering one million credits as a reward, Jabba paired Solo and Chewbacca with the Rodian bounty hunter Greedo before sending the three of them to Solo's home planet of Corellia. After landing on the planet, Solo briefly talked about his upbringing with Greedo as he led them to Corellia's Pearl District. While on a rooftop, Greedo explained that they were stealing the urn from Augustus Graves, Chief Executive Officer of the Corellian Engineering Corporation, who had the urn stored in a safe within his penthouse.\n\nStealing a passcard from someone exiting the building, Solo bluffed his way past security and quickly found the safe. Determining it to be a Locris 1-42-08, Solo left the building and met back up with Chewbacca and Greedo in a local bar, telling them they would need something powerful to get into the safe. Solo told them he would figure it out and his partners left the bar while he got a drink of Montalsian ale. But before he could drink it, he was bumped into by an older man, who he noticed was a worker for the Corellian Engineering Corporation. Solo offered to buy him a drink and pointed out that his father worked for the same corporation as him. When the man asked what his father's name was, Solo said it was Ovan. The man then exclaimed that Ovan was his name and claimed that he had found his son. In reality, the man was the criminal Corbus Tyra. As Solo's supposed father tried to embrace his supposed son, Solo punched him, believing the man to be conning him. When Han accused him of faking his injury, "Ovan" removed his eye patch and revealed his scar, remarking that shipbuilding was dangerous work. To this, Solo asked "Ovan" if he had any powerful tools like a plasma cutter, which the man confirmed that he did.\n\nAfterwards, Solo met back up with Chewbacca on the Falcon, where they discussed whether the man was actually Solo's father. When Greedo accused Solo of being sentimental, Solo explained that the man claiming to be his father was going to help them retrieve the urn. Chewbacca then pointed out that Graves had hired private security since Solo broke into his penthouse, to which Solo claimed the guards would be their way in. Later, Solo found "Ovan" at one of the docks and took the plasma cutter from him. When "Ovan" suggested going along with them for the heist, Solo refused until "Ovan" recalled a conversation he'd had with Solo on the same dock when Solo was a child. Despite Greedo's objections and Chewbacca's suspicions, Solo took his supposed father with them as they burst into a local laundromat and took three guards' security uniforms. While Chewbacca retrieved their getaway speeder, "Ovan" bluffed his way past security, who allowed him, Solo and Greedo to enter the premises in their disguises. After talking with "Ovan" about surviving on Corellia while using the turbolift, Solo had Greedo break the electrolock sealing the entrance to the penthouse. When Greedo was unable to break the lock, Solo told "Ovan" to open the turbolift doors in case they needed to escape. Solo then called one of the actual guards and asked them to remotely deactivate the lock due to it malfunctioning.\n\nThe guard did so, letting the three into the penthouse. Once they were inside, Solo told Greedo to stand watch and not touch anything while he and "Ovan" worked on opening the safe. While they did so, Solo asked his apparent father why he hadn't asked about his cut of the reward. When the man claiming to be his father asked Solo to trust him, Solo reminded "Ovan" of his upbringing and lack of trust in others. "Ovan" then gave Solo a recording that seemed to be of them together during Solo's childhood. When Solo claimed he didn't do sentiment, "Ovan" said he just wanted to get to know his supposed son better. Solo thanked "Ovan" for the recording and revealed that he still had the dice from when he was a child, though requested that he not to tell anyone. As they started working on the safe, Solo contacted Chewbacca to check on his progress. However, he ended the call once they opened the safe and saw that it was empty. Solo confronted Greedo over his bad intel and quickly realized that he had taken an expensive item he wasn't supposed to. Tagged with an MSX tracker, the item set off an alarm and alerted security of the break-in. Solo ran for the turbolift and opened the door to escape, only to be met by a group of armed security guards.
Greedo pulled out his blaster and tried firing at the guards, though the blast only bounced off of the transparisteel windows. From Greedo's failed plan, Solo got an idea and called another group of guards for medical assistance, hoping they were unaware of what had happened. From there, he called Chewbacca and told him to forget about the speeder and come to their location. Solo then retrieved the plasma cutter and used it to break one of the windows. Minutes later, more guards arrived with a medshuttle and Solo stunned the driver before he, "Ovan" and Greedo used it to escape from the penthouse. They then met back up with Chewbacca and used a landspeeder to reach the Falcon. Once they arrived, Solo told his supposed father that Graves' terminal said the urn had been sold to a buyer on Antillion and that he and Chewbacca could use an extra pair of hands. "Ovan" accepted the offer and joined them aboard the Falcon. When "Ovan" asked Solo if they would wait for Greedo to join them before they left Corellia, Solo said he only went along with Greedo because he claimed to know the location of the urn, which he clearly hadn't. Solo went on to say that the reward would only be split three ways as they left Greedo on Corellia and headed for Antillion.