Upon arriving on Coruscant, Solo and Chewbacca posed as sanitation workers and snuck through the planet's sewer system while Phaedra posed as a protocol droid. Once she convinced Tarkin to leave his office, Solo and Chewbacca blew their way inside, allowing Solo to retrieve the urn. Surrounded by stormtroopers, Phaedra broke a nearby window and the three of them jumped out before landing on a passing train. But before they could escape, they were caught by a stormtrooper, who blasted Chewbacca and sent him falling over the side of the train. As he fell though, Chewbacca managed to grab onto a passing vehicle and throw off the Imperial driver, allowing him to fly to safety. Just then, the train made a sharp turn, cuasing Solo to lose grip of the urn. Luckily, Phaedra was able to catch it as they leapt off the train onto a nearby platform. She then opened the urn and was surprised to instead find a neural core inside.\n\nRegrouping on the Falcon, the group realized that Jabba had lied about the urn's contents. As Phaedra doubted that they should even bring Jabba the core, Solo said they would first find out the core's origins from an Ugnaught sava named Korin Pers, who had connections with Calrissian. Traveling to the "Smuggler's Moon" of Nar Shaddaa, the group found Pers in her office. Pretending to hate Calrissian to gain favor, Solo asked Pers if she knew anything about the core. After studying it, Pers explained that it was the core of an ancient droid named Ajax Sigma. A droid revolutionary, Sigma had led an uprising of droids over two centuries ago. Sigma eventually led a droid uprising on Kligson's Moon to bring about the emancipation of all synthetic life. After killing many organics during battle, Sigma was finally destroyed by the Jedi of the High Republic Era. Reminded of L3-37, Solo asked Pers what someone would want with a droid like Sigma. When Pers said Sigma would be a formidable assassin, Phaedra insisted they not give Sigma's core to Jabba.\n\nHowever, they were interrupted by the arrival of Tanna's crew. As they opened fire inside the office, Solo took the core and ran for the exit along with Chewbacca and Phaedra, only to be stopped by Vancto. Chewbacca fought Vancto while Solo and Phaedra returned to the Falcon with the core. But they were then confronted by Tyra, who held them at blaster point and demanded they hand over the core. In the end, Solo and Chewbacca would decide to bury the core.