At some point, during a smuggling job for Jabba the Hutt, Solo and Chewbacca stopped at The Labyrinth on Kelada. There they ran into an Azumel named Makkeer, who was being chased by Gwarm. Eventually Solo fought for Makkeer by punching Gwarm in the face. Soon after, Lorana shot her blaster to warn Gwarm and his gang to leave. Solo asked Makkeer why Gwarm was after him. Makkeer said that Gwarm was searching for the lost treasure of Rane Mahal. Makkeer revealed that Mahal hid coordinates to the treasure in one of three jewel-encrusted droids. Two of the droids were booby trapped. The first droid was located in Starfarer Restaurant on Kelada working as a waiter. Solo, Chewie, and Makkeer went to the restaurant. Solo and Chewie drew the droid into a room. Solo called for Makkeer, but Makkeer was captured by Gwarm and his gang. When Makkeer got free, he spoke the password to the droid, which caused it to become a booby trap.\n\nSolo, Chewie, and Makkeer then went to Nubia, where the second droid was located. While on Nubia, they ran into R5-P8, a member of Gwarm's gang. They chased R5-P8 back to the gang's location and discovered that second droid was in the gang's possession. The droid ended up being a booby trap and exploded.\n\nSolo, Chewie, and Makkeer then went to the planet Ogem to find the final droid. The droid was in the hands of Gwellis Bagnoro. When they all arrived at Bagnoro's homestead, Gwarm was already there. Bagnoro's Barghest pet Izby attacked Gwarm, which allowed Solo, Chewie, and Makkeer to escape with the droid. The droid revealed the map to the lost treasure of Rane Mahal, which was located on Sakreen. As they headed to Sakreen, they were followed by Gwarm and his crew. Once they arrived at Sakreen, Solo spotted Rane Mahal's galleon, but Makkeer betrayed him and Chewie and broke the Millennium Falcon. Makkeer also revealed that he had been working for Gwarm the entire time. The Millennium Falcon then crashed onto the surface. Gwarm and his crew then entered the galleon and found where the treasure was located. Solo and Chewie shot at them, and Chewie threw Makkeer at Gwarm and his gang. Solo then opened the chest and out came Rane Mahal. She revealed that there was no treasure and that she had been waiting for a ship to come so she could leave Sakreen. Solo suggested to Mahal that she take Gwarm's saucer. Mahal told her crew to load Solo, Chewie, Makkeer, Gwarm, and his gang aboard Gwarm's saucer and sell them to the first slave trader they came across. Solo and Chewie escaped. Mahal and her crew left Sakreen with Makkeer, Gwarm, and his gang. Mahal also took the droid that contained the location of Rane Mahal's fake treasure. She found out that Solo had put an ion scrambler on the droid, which caused the saucer to overload. The saucer was left in space. Solo and Chewie then blasted off aboard the Millennium Falcon.