Solo piloted the Falcon through an asteroid field during a run to sell marked sabacc decks to the casino on Marquinn. He told Chewbacca to take the day off while he sold marked sabacc decks to the casino's owner Zefin Tuzo. During Chewbacca's day off, he countered a criminal named Vullen Candroon which wanted to kill Chewbacca. Chewbacca escaped Candroon but ran into Zefin Tuzo, who was working with Vullen. Later Chewbacca managed to escape Candroon and Tuzo. Meanwhile Han was talking to patrons in the casino. Chewbacca immediately ran into the casino to get Han because he was getting chased by Candroon and Tuzo. Later Han and Chewbacca managed to escape aboard the Millennium Falcon.\n\nImperial Security Bureau agent Alexsandr Kallus hired the bounty hunter IG-88 to assist in tracking down Solo, with the intention of bringing the smuggler to justice for defecting from the Empire and assisting Enfys Nest. Solo and Chewbacca fled the two, and escaped capture by flying the Falcon between two Imperial Star Destroyers.\n\nSome time after escaping Kallus, Solo and Chewbacca were transporting two tons of Cordaxian ore on the planet Odona, with the help of Frax, a Kajain'sa'Nikto. They were pursued by the Empire, and Frax, who was worried about being put in an Imperial prison, pulled a blaster on Han. Chewbacca did a barrel roll with the Millennium Falcon, knocking Frax off the ship into the Cordaxian Sea. Han and Chewbacca escaped the Empire and Odona, but they left Frax behind.\n\nEventually, Solo would make his way to Stenness, where he devised a plot to get revenge on a crime lord who operated a gambling den and had continuously double-crossed spice smugglers. In order for the escapade to look as legitimate as possible, Solo and his fellow scoundrels arranged a fraudulent marriage ceremony where Solo and the woman Sana Starros were illegitimately married. The robbery occurred, too, and Solo was given his share. However, Solo also took Starros' share and fled, leaving Starros in a dire situation. As a result, Starros came to believe that the only thing Solo was good for was lying, likening him to a "scoundrel."\n\nSolo and Chewbacca crash-landed on an unnamed planet in the Monsua Nebula that was entirely covered in electrical super-storms and cyclones. But beneath the storms lay a beautiful oasis. Solo and his copilot located a cave that they turned into a secret hiding place, storing Corellian wine and other things within. He and Chewbacca used the den several times over the years.