hansolo-short-11.txt
Once they arrived on Antillion, Solo went on to explain that the urn had been sold to a Sava named Madelin Sun. When his supposed father doubted anyone on such a planet could buy the urn, Solo speculated that she may have traded something for it. Upon locating Sun's shop, Solo said he would negotiate for the urn. However, when Sun denied having any such urn in her possession, Solo told "Ovan" and Chewbacca that she definitely had it and that they would have to get her away from her collection. When "Ovan" asked him if he had a plan, Solo said he would inform the local stormtroopers of illegal contraband in her possession. After he did so, Solo, "Ovan" and Chewbacca watched from a distance as the stormtroopers raided Sun's shop. Sun was then assisted by a mysterious person with whom she left in a ship. Solo told Chewbacca to wait for him and "Ovan" in the Falcon while they retrieved the urn from the shop. Upon entering the shop, they found that the stormtroopers had been killed. "Ovan" then found the urn amidst a pile of artifacts. But before they could leave, Solo's supposed father was suddenly stunned before Solo found himself in the grip of the Wookiee bounty hunter Krrsantan.\n\nSolo fought Krrsantan briefly, but was knocked out and taken to Mollo Tanka. Once he awoke, he found himself in the presence of Augustus Graves, who demanded to know the urn's location. After an unsuccessful interrogation, Solo was found by Chewbacca, who proceeded to fight off Krrsantan in a death duel. Subduing the mercenary with a thermal detonator, Chewbacca fled with Solo from Graves' palace, only to find that the Falcon was gone. They were then surrounded by Krrsantan and Graves' guards, but were quickly rescued by Tanna's crew and brought aboard their ship. Once they were safe, Tanna punched Solo as payback for stranding them earlier. With T'onga, Akko and Ooris Bynar beside Tanna, Solo admitted he was grateful before he was punched by Greedo for leaving him on Corellia. When Tanna asked Solo where the urn was, he said it was back on Antillion, but that they first had to find the Falcon and his father. Tanna's crew aimed their blasters at Solo and insisted on retrieving the urn first, to which Solo agreed.\n\nSolo and Chewbacca led the crew back to the shop on Antillion, only to find that the urn was gone. Chewbacca then realized that "Ovan" was an imposter and that he had faked being unconscious so he could make off with the urn and the Falcon. Revealing there were moments where he had not believed the conman, Solo used a tracker he had planted on his fake father as insurance to locate him. Solo, Chewbacca, Greedo and Tanna's crew followed the tracker to where the conman had been detained: the Benelex Marshal Service Headquarters on Paqualis III. Tanna had Solo take control of the ship along with T'onga and Akko while the rest of them went for the conman, warning him not to damage her ship. Solo provided cover fire as Chewbacca, Greedo, Tanna and Bynar retrieved the conman, whom they learned was named Corbus Tyra. However, as they brought him aboard the ship, Chewbacca was blasted and placed under arrest by Marshal Buck Vancto. Solo tried to stop the crew from leaving without Chewbacca, but he was shot in the chest by Greedo.\n\nRather than helping Solo, Tanna's crew dropped him off on Escalan. After washing up on shore, Solo was found by Doctor Aber, who heard him mutter his own name as she brought him to a spare bed. After healing, Solo went to a local bar, but was kicked out due to not speaking the native language. He then saw a broadcast reporting on the impending executions of three prisoners in a Benelex Marshal Service prison on Gulhadar. After seeing that Chewbacca was among the prisoners, Solo found a local who spoke Basic and got them to fly him to Gulhadar. Upon reaching the prison, they picked up Chewbacca, Phaedra and the pirate Maz Kanata, who were in the midst of escaping. After dropping off Kanata at her castle on Takodana, Solo and Chewbacca flew to Tatooine along with Phaedra. Once they entered Chalmun's Cantina, they found Greedo and interrogated him for the Falcon's location. After being thrown out onto the street by Chewbacca, Greedo confessed that the Falcon was in a docking bay in Mos Entha. Before he had split from Tanna's crew, Greedo had cheated in a game of Sabacc to gain ownership of the Falcon. Greedo also admitted that the urn had been confiscated by Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin and stored within his office on Coruscant. After punching Greedo and leaving him unconscious in the street, Solo reclaimed the Falcon and discussed the situation with Chewbacca and Phaedra. Solo claimed the heist would be impossible, due to the office being guarded by death troopers. However, Phaedra explained that she had a plan.