hansolo-short-19.txt
Once at the Falcon, Chewbacca explained that Triple-Zero had poisoned him with Mandalorian Xenetox. Artoo prepared to give him a medical shot that would reduce the effects of the Mandalorian Xenetox. Just then, a live message from Organa came over the Falcon's comm system, in which Organa ordered a squadron of Y-wing bombers to converge on her position and drop their payload on her because she had been captured by Vader, and in her death, Vader would also be killed. Solo quickly got his ship in the air and stubbornly told the princess over the comm that he was not going to let her sacrifice herself.\n\nHowever, before they could make any headway, an Auzituck anti-slaver gunship collided head-on with the Falcon, knocking both starships into the ground below. Solo and Skywalker recovered themselves and were met by Krrsantan, now working for Jabba, second only to Boba Fett. Solo pleaded with Krrsantan that it wasn't the time to collect Jabba's bounty on him. Unknown to Solo, however, Krrsantan was working alongside Doctor Aphra and had come to claim Skywalker to take to Aphra. Krrsantan blew a hole in the Falcon's cockpit using a detonator and pulled Skywalker out. Solo was at first glad he hadn't come on Jabba's behalf, but then he realized that him taking Skywalker was no better. A duel between Wookiees then broke out when Chewbacca came to Skywalker's defense. Solo told Skywalker to run and save Organa while Solo and Chewbacca took care of Krrsantan to insure they had a ship to escape Vrogas Vas in.\n\nNeither Wookiee gained the upper hand for some time, so Solo drew his DL-44 pistol to help his friend, but Krrsantan thwarted his attempt when he threw Chewbacca straight into the smuggler, knocking his blaster into the bounty hunter's grasp. Artoo emerged from the Falcon and informed Solo that he hadn't gotten a chance to give Chewbacca the shot to reverse the poison, so he sent a syringe flying into Chewbacca. Rejuvenated, Chewbacca quickly gained the upper hand against Krrsantan. Solo contacted Skywalker via comlink and asked whether he had located Organa yet, to which Skywalker replied with a warning, just as he was knocked unconscious by Imperial stormtroopers and captured. Before Solo could warn Artoo of Skywalker's capture, Krrsantan, who had overpowered Chewbacca using a dishonorable tactic, grabbed Solo around the neck and began choking him. Threepio, of all beings, confronted Krrsantan, urging him to release Solo and cease hostilities. Krrsantan did, and punched the golden droid. However, Threepio had lost both his arms to Triple-Zero, and when Krrsantan struck him, loose wiring protruding from the droid shocked the Wookiee and knocked him out.