hansolo-short-16.txt
Tomine told Solo he and the other racers were criminals. When the Imperial officer took offense at Loo Re Anno's witnesses, Solo stepped in to prevent the Imperials from harming them. The race officials convinced Tomine to let the race continue, and Solo ran back to his ship to start the next stage. Once on board, he found out that Chewbacca was injured while escorting the Rebel spy Bot back to the Falcon. They began the next stage of the race, and Bot explained his theory that one of the spies that Solo was tasked to pick up during the race was a murderer who was killing the other informants. Solo assured him that everything would be okay. The ship arrived at the next stage of the race, which was a grueling twelve-hour run through a shifting debris field. Solo considered purposely disqualifying himself, which would still allow him to visit all the planets in the race without the risk of the race. He changed his mind and decided to complete the stage despite the danger. At the very end, the Falcon clipped some debris which caused it to slow down and possibly be disqualified but was saved when Vook hooked a tow cable onto the ship and pulled it across the finish line. After landing, Solo left Chewbacca with the Falcon to go retrieve the second Rebel spy, but was followed by camera droids. One of Loo Re Anno's witnesses, who had attached itself to Solo, destroyed the camera droids so Solo could meet with the spy without being observed. Solo and the Rebel spy returned to the Falcon, only to discover the spy had a history with Chewbacca and wanted to settle an old debt.\n\nOnce on the Falcon, Dorae drew her blaster and explained that Chewbacca had killed her "baby," a newly hatched Rathtar, which was trying to kill Solo. She had planned to sell the creature, and its death had caused her serious financial problems. Solo stepped in front of her blaster in an attempt to defuse the situation. Loo Re Anno and the Twi'lek racers Sotna Reat and Nowk Asil, who were alerted to the danger by one of Lee Re Anno's witnesses, boarded the Falcon to assist Solo. Solo told the racers he was handling the situation and didn't need their help. Asil confronted Solo and told him that the race shouldn't be used as cover for personal business. Lee Re Anno assured the Twi'lek that Solo wouldn't sully the race's reputation like that and then asked to speak to him privately. She described the history of the Dragon Void Run and how her grandmother had founded the race. She told Solo she saw something greater than just a simple pilot in him, but Solo replied that he was just a good pilot and being a special person just caused trouble. The racers left his ship, and Solo returned to the lounge where all his passengers were. Dorae questioned why Solo was working for the Rebel Alliance and told him she had joined after financial problems caused her to lose her bar. As the race was about to resume, Dorae told him that they were waiting for the last of the Rebel operatives, and once they were aboard he should abandon the race and return to the fleet. Solo decided to delay taking off to wait for the others. A speeder approached the Falcon, chased by stormtroopers, and Solo told Chewbacca to start the engines in order to make a quick getaway. As the last of the Rebel spies boarded the freighter, Solo quickly left the planet, chased by TIE fighters. Solo wondered why they weren't trying to destroy the ship, and Dorae explained they were trying to capture them. Solo jumped to hyperspace and escaped. When they were safe, Solo joined the rest of the passengers. U'il explained that they were ambushed by the Empire because one of the Rebel spies in the group must be a traitor. She and Solo went into the cockpit and discussed their plan of action. U'Il wanted to return to the Rebel base, but Solo wanted to continue to the next leg of the race and try to determine who was giving information to the Empire. When they came out of hyperspace, he and the other racers were confronted by an Imperial fleet. U'Il suggested they flee, but Lee Re Anno convinced Solo and the other racers to continue the race.
Solo took evasive action and asked the other racers if they had any weapons on their ships. When they replied that they were unarmed, Chewbacca fired on a TIE fighter with the Falcon's quad laser cannon. During the fight, Dorae entered the cockpit and informed Solo that Aran had been murdered.\n\nBefore he could react, Lee Re Anno summoned an interdimensional creature to distract the Imperials so the race could proceed. As the Falcon entered the Dragon Void, Solo went to confront his passengers. Dorae criticized his decision to enter the Void, knowing that they could end up stranded and captured by the Empire. Solo deduced that Bot had killed Aran, and was attacked by the Duros with a hidden poison injector. He headbutted Bot, who was subdued by Chewbacca but not before Bot injected himself with the poison. Solo and Chewbacca returned to the cockpit to finish the race. He contacted Loo Re Anno and asked her about her plans for after the race. She explained to him that her life as a lone pilot was coming to an end, and she would either win the race or perish. The race continued, and the starships approached the gate that marked the end of the race. As they got closer, Solo managed to pilot the Falcon past Delan Vook's starship and the Starshot team. He drew even with Loo Re Anno's starship and passed her when her starship was hit by fire from the pursuing Imperials. When he got near the gate, he realized he was dooming the legendary pilot to death, and veered off at the last minute, which allowed Loo Re Anno to enter the gate first. His passengers were convinced they were going to be captured and killed by the Empire. U'Il suggested that Solo take her blaster and kill them all before the Empire could take them. The gate opened, and Loo Re Anno and the rest of her people emerged. She thanked Solo for allowing her to return to her people. She then reopened the gate, so the racers could return to the start of the race safely. Once clear of the Imperials, Solo returned to the Rebel base and delivered his passengers to Organa. She chided him on his rash behavior during the race. Solo reflected on the lesson he had learned from Loo Re Anno and decided to stay with the Rebels a while longer.