hansolo-short-15.txt
Arriving in the hanger to be surrounded by stormtroopers, Han and his compatriots believed they were done for. Nonetheless, in an effort to escape, Han pretended to rile Chewie by referring to him as his slave, provoking an angry retort. Starting a fight, the rebels quickly assaulted the nearby Imperials attempting to cuff them as Delia and her ship, Miss Fortune, opened fire on the hangar, with Delia seeking to make amends with Han for her forced betrayal. Firing at the two magnetic generators protecting the hangar from the toxic fumes of the planet outside, Han managed to escape with Chewie and Ematt along with Delia in her ship as they blasted off into the planet's atmosphere. Needing time for the navigation computer to plot their jump to lightspeed, Han and Chewie manned the cockpit while Ematt manned both turbolasers from the ship's cockpit. Fending off several TIE fighters, the Miss Fortune suddenly took a hit to its navicomputer.\n\nAfter a moment's reflection, Han decided to help her and her ship instead of running away as he would have normally done, distracting the Star Destroyer as it utilized its tractor beam in an attempt to capture the Falcon. Fixing their navicomputer, the Miss Fortune was able to jump to light speed but not before the Falcon was caught in the Vehement's lock. Han, horrified by the Empire's willingness to destroy its own fragile TIE fighters in the wake of their tractor beam to capture them, fell into a freefall towards the planet in an effort to escape the beam. Due to the planet's gravity interfering with the tractor beam, Commander Beck ordered the Star Destroyer to move closer to attain its target, but he was ultimately forced to pull out after realizing that utilizing the tractor beam so close to the capital city of Motok would destroy it, turning thousands of citizens against the Empire and resulting in mass media coverage of the atrocity. Backing off, the Falcon pulled up from its collision course with the city and jumped to the safety of hyperspace.\n\nSolo returned to Corellia for parts for the Millennium Falcon alongside Chewbacca. During this, Moloch, who was a member of the White Worms, captured Solo and Chewbacca and brought them to Proxima. When Moloch brought Solo and Chewbacca into Den of the White Worms, Proxima told him he would be punished because he owed her coaxium and gave her face scars from sunlight. Chewbacca gave Solo a thermal detonator, which he used to explode the window which brought in sunlight. The sunlight damaged Proxima's face again and blinded her right eye as Solo and Chewbacca made their escape.