Solo, along with Leia and Skywalker, went to Jedha. There, they met and rescued Chulco Gi and former Rebel Alliance Special Forces soldier and Partisan Ubin Des. After escaping the Imperial Snowtrooper Patrol, Solo took the Falcon to NaJedha so Leia could speak with Des about a meeting with the surviving Partisans. Solo allowed himself to be blindfolded and let Des and Gi fly the Falcon to the new Partisan base. Solo and the others were brought before Benthic. Solo told Benthic to either kill him or show them the Partisans' famous decisiveness. Benthic freed them and spoke with Leia, Solo, and Skywalker about destroying the Drill citadel.\n\nAs the partisans attacked the drill citadel. Solo and Leia flew the Falcon towards the drill. Solo was able to destroy the citadel and return to the Partisans' base. The Empire then deployed the Leviathan. Solo, Leia, and Benthic looked at the Leviathan and saw no explosive that could damage it. After Des' explosives failed to make a dent in the Leviathan, Solo flew an airspeeder with Leia as his gunner. Together they rescued Des and her team from the Leviathan's tracks. Solo chastised Des for making a suicide run and told her not to do it unless there was no other choice. Solo was then informed Chewbacca was coming to help them finish off the Leviathan. Solo met up with Chewie at the base after Skywalker rescued him with information from Shu-Torun.\n\nWith the Partisans, Solo and the others made a plan to attack the Leviathan using the plans Chewie acquired. Solo agreed to fly the mission and keep an eye on the partisans. As the partisans boarded the Falcon, Solo and the others came under attack by stormtroopers. Benthic was wounded and Solo told partisans to get aboard the Falcon to escape. As the Falcon made its escape, Solo did not believe that Des should be leading the mission. Solo was reluctant to take the lead, but was convinced by Chewie to take charge since he was the Falcon's captain. Solo saw that the Leviathan's guns were down and led the partisans in attacking the stormtroopers stationed there.\n\nSolo and the Partisans were able to make their way to the bridge. On the bridge, Solo, Leia, Des, and the partisans were able to pilot the Leviathan into Jedha City's crater. Solo ordered the Partisans to barricade the bridge to prevent the Empire from stopping their plans. Solo and the Partisans were able to return to the Falcon before it fell into the crater. Solo took the partisans back to NaJedha. Benthic told Solo that he and his fellow partisans would guard Jedha's ashes until it was gone. Before leaving, Solo awarded Des the Medal of Bravery for her actions, even though it was a copy.