hansolo-short-23.txt
Solo took Admiral Gial Ackbar, Skywalker, and Leia to Mon Cala. There, they met with Mon Cala's Regent, Grand Admiral Dors Urtya. Ackbar and Leia asked Urtya for the Mon Cala Mercantile Fleet to become part of the Rebel Alliance's fleet. Solo spotted a patrol transport approaching their position and came under attack. The transport landed, and Solo approached the troopers. Solo was able to bribe the sergeant and toss a detonator into the transport. Solo called to Chewie to bring up the boat so they could escape. Solo drove the boat past several creatures. Unfortunately, Urtya refused to give the Alliance the fleet, and Solo took Leia and Ackbar back to the Mako-Ta Space Docks. There, he gave Skywalker a drink. In the mess hall, they met up with Wedge Antilles, "Hobbie" Klivian, and Zev Senesca. Together, they commemorated the fallen pilots of Red Squadron.\n\nLeia arrived in the hall with a mission. With Skywalker and Chewie, Solo went with Leia to Dex Acquisitions Depot on Meor Ain. Together they broke into the depot's ultra-security brig and took the Clawdite Tunga Arpagion with them aboard the Falcon. Solo and the others were able to convince him to pose as Moff Tan Hubi while they used him to free King Lee-Char. With Skywalker, Solo and Chewie were able to infiltrate the Moncaladrome through the refresher. Posing as an attendant, Solo bluffed his way past a officer by allowing her to dry her hands on Chewie. Solo was then given a tip, much to Chewie's chagrin. They were able to take Moff Hubi and switch him with Tunga.\n\nSolo flew a submarine to Strokill Prime to rescue Lee-Char. Chewie was able to use Hubi's bio-signature to get past Strokill Prime's defenses, in addition to codes provided by Queen Trios. Solo flew the submarine past a monstrous fish. Solo watched as Skywalker allowed the fish to swallow him. After Chewie rescued Skywalker from the fish, Solo took the submarine to the Imperial base and docked inside it. Solo and Leia stunned several of the guards. Unfortunately, they discovered that the king was on life-support and could not be moved.\n\nSolo and Skywalker argued about their next move. Solo and Skywalker searched for recording droid so Leia could deliver Lee-Char's words to his people. Solo found one and recorded Lee-Char's speech. After the guards killed Lee-Char, Solo and the others returned to the submarine to escape. On Mon Cala, Solo and the others met up with 3PO and Tunga Arpagion. They were confronted by Grand Admiral Urtya and several of his people who demanded Lee-Char's recording. After Urtya stunned Leia, Solo allowed him to take Lee-Char's recording. As Solo flew the Falcon away from Mon Cala, they were joined by the Mercantile fleet and a pair of Star Destroyers.
As the Empire sent in bombers to destroy the Falcon and the Mercantile fleet, Solo was contacted by Urtya, who agreed to rebel against the Empire. They were then joined by the Rebel Alliance fleet under Ackbar, that would protect the fleet. Solo told Leia to get into one of the Falcon's turrets and destroy the bombers. Solo saw that the Empire was targeting the Mon Calamari's escape pods and took the Falcon to stop several TIEs before they could destroy the pods. After the Aurora Flare blew up and destroyed one of the Star Destroyers, Solo had the Falcon jump into hyperspace and escape with both the Rebel Alliance fleet and the mercantile fleet. Solo dropped Tunga off at the Cosmatanic Steppes.