hansolo-short-20.txt
En route to Ibaar, the nerfs shed lots of fur and made "messes" around Solo's ship. Solo told Skywalker that for only managing half the credits they needed, and for the unruly cargo of nerfs, that Skywalker was "dead" to him. A minute later, a trio of Imperial TIE fighters appeared and ordered the Falcon's crew to halt and allow the Imperials to board the ship because they believed the Corellian YT-1300 light freighter to be transporting illegal livestock that was on its way to an Imperial world that the Empire believed to be sympathetic to the Rebel Alliance. Infuriated, Solo refused, but with their hyperdrive out of commission, Solo worked his way through the situation—all the while urging Skywalker to control the un-space-worthy nerfs.\n\nSkywalker then shot down the three pursuing Imperial fighters, allowing Solo to land safely on the mountainous Ibaar, where the herd of livestock was unloaded by a pair of nerf herders. While the shepherds did their work, Skywalker begged Solo to allow him to pilot the Falcon as a sort of right of passage for Solo's idea to make the Jedi farm boy into a smuggler. Solo refused and retorted that Skywalker had proven himself to be a poor smuggler by failing to make a profit on their cargo job to Ibaar, and told him that he was going to have to thoroughly clean the Falcon or Chewbacca would be angry with them both. But Skywalker threatened to inform Princess Organa that Solo had gambled with the Alliance's credits, and Solo begrudgingly let Skywalker fly his ship. While doing so, Skywalker quipped that he felt the Falcon was sluggish, which offended Solo, and he quickly took the controls back from Skywalker. After receiving a distress message from Sana Starros, Solo and Skywalker rushed to Sunspot Prison in order to rendezvous with Organa and Starros there.\n\nUpon arriving at the prison space station, however, Eneb Ray, former Rebel spy and insurgent, covertly knocked the Solo and Skywalker out, tied them to the Falcon's landing gear, placed bandoliers of thermal detonators around their necks and used them as hostages while he revealed his identity to Organa, Starros, and Aphra—who had made a temporary truce with the two other women in order to repel the attack by Ray's forces. Shortly thereafter, Organa, Starros, and Doctor Aphra—who had come to a temporary truce with the other women in order to repel Ray's attack—arrested Ray after disorienting him by disabling the prison's artificial gravity, which also awoke Solo and Skywalker. The two rebels were then freed and a portion of the Alliance fleet arrived and began the evacuation of Sunspot Prison. The smuggler then made sure Skywalker wouldn't tell Organa of his mishap with the Alliance's funds, and the rebels abandoned the space-bound prison.