Solo, Organa, Artoo, and several slaves boarded the walker, so Solo began their escape, barreling through the walls of the facility. Solo located Skywalker and Vader locked in lightsaber combat, so he brought the leg of the AT-AT into the confrontation, which forced the two combatants apart. The smuggler told Skywalker to follow him with the slaves, as he was going to clear a path out of the factory before it exploded. Organa saw Vader and ordered Solo to target him, while the slaves targeted the Imperial ground troops. As a consequence of the walker being just-made, the laser cannons were not yet operational, which kept Artoo and a pair of Jawas busy while they worked on enabling them while Solo and Organa argued.\n\nWhile the rebels continued in their escape, Solo brought the walker towards Vader, trying to crush him with the AT-AT's feet. However, Vader used the dark side of the Force to stop the walker. The dark power the Sith Lord wielded began to tear the behemoth apart. Solo was in disbelief at Vader's power—Solo was still not convinced that the power Skywalker and Vader wielded was real—and at Artoo's assurance that they were operational, opened fire on Vader with the walker's laser cannons, minorly injuring the Dark Lord and allowing Solo to pilot the walker outside the facility into the refuse fields. In the moment of calm, Solo tried to contact both Chewbacca and Threepio, but both failed to answer, leaving Solo to be very grateful when Skywalker assured him that he was heading towards the rendezvous.\n\nWhile continuing their journey towards the Falcon, Chewbacca roared over the comlink, relieving Solo that his friend was alive. Chewbacca then rescued Threepio from the tentacles of the scavengers and began to repair the damage they had done in order to pick up Solo and the others. However, Organa and Solo soon realized that the factory's reactor must have been defused, because it had been long past ten minutes and it hadn't exploded. Just after, Darth Vader set himself upon stopping the stolen walker, which he did by cutting down the walker's legs. Solo and Organa looked at each other in realization as Vader succeeded in his task: the walker crashed to the ground. Solo was injured in the crash and left battered and bloody. Organa and the slaves carried him from the wreckage while Skywalker covered them. The Jedi-to-be then returned to the factory mounted on a 74-Z speeder bike and destroyed the core reactor, decimating the entire facility. Chewbacca, with the Falcon repaired enough to fly, picked up the rebels, and they fled into hyperspace to the safety of the Rebel fleet.\n\nAboard one of the Rebel capital ships, Solo was treated for the injuries he sustained. He and Chewbacca then repaired the Falcon best they could with the parts they were allowed by the Alliance deck crew. Later, Solo advised Skywalker, who was leaving on a journey to return to Tatooine to continue his Jedi journey, to not leave because it was too dangerous. Skywalker left anyway, though, believing it something he needed to do.