hansolo-short-20.txt
Upon to returning to the Rebel Fleet with their new prisoner, Doctor Aphra, Solo and his friends went their separate ways; Organa, Artoo, and Threepio went to detain Aphra at an Alliance-controlled space station, Sunspot Prison, with the assistance of Sana Starros, whom Organa hired to transport them to the prison. On the other hand, Solo and Skywalker were dispatched to buy supplies for the rebellion in the meantime.\n\nThe rebel duo traveled back to a spaceport of a planet, as Solo had decided to try and double the Rebellion's credits by cheating his way through a game of sabacc against a green-skinned Dowutin—and in doing so, he hoped to make enough credits to begin to pay restitution to Jabba. Part way through the game, due to the large amounts of credits Solo was betting in overconfidence, the Dowutin began to suspect Solo of cheating. The smuggler lied, insisting that he was not, and reassured Skywalker's misgivings in Solo possibly losing the Alliance's money. A very short time later, the Dowutin and his cronies discovered that Solo was, in fact, playing a dishonest game, so Solo fled with Skywalker just behind—not wanting to discover if the Dowutin really was going to cut off their fingers and tongues for their dishonesty. The rebel duo boarded the Falcon—which they had taken on their journey—and blasted away from the planet. Skywalker, angry with Solo's recklessness with credits that weren't theirs, voiced that they could get kicked out of the Rebellion for losing several thousand Rebel-owned credits. At Solo's retort that he needed to get the price off his head as soon as possible, Skywalker revealed that he, too, had an Imperial bounty of 60,000 credits on his head. Solo was distraught—Solo's bounty was a mere 50,000 credits. Solo intended to make back the rebels' credits and more the best way he knew how with Skywalker at his side: smuggling contraband.\n\nWith his new first mate, Solo traveled to Nar Shaddaa aboard the Falcon. However, due to Solo being banned for cheating at sabacc at the establishment where he intended to obtain something to smuggle—and Solo wanted to work on repairing his ship's ailing hyperdrive, let alone teach Skywalker the skills of a galactic smuggler—he sent the Jedi-in-training in his stead. Shortly thereafter, Skywalker returned to Solo and the Falcon and informed Solo that he had acquired a job from a blue-skinned Twi'lek—though at only 5,000 credits, it was half the credits Solo had hoped for. Solo had expected an easy shipment, but he got more than he bargained for when the cargo was revealed to be a herd of large, pungent nerfs—so many, in fact, that they filled up Solo's prized ship all the way into the cockpit, crowding the two rebels as they piloted the freighter towards their destination: the backwater planet Ibaar.