With the Falcon scheduled to leave shortly after the Battle of Yavin, it was already an hour late as it lay berthed in the Great Temple following the rebels' victory. Leia Organa, helping oversee the last stages of the evacuation, approached Han in an effort to get him to aid the Rebellion once more by rescuing Lieutenant Caluan Ematt of the elite rebel recon unit the Shrikes. Initially refusing, Han was eventually persuaded to come to the rebels' aid following pressure from his companion, Chewbacca. With an even larger bounty of 224,190 credits placed on his head, Han decided against his better judgment to aid the princess, if only for feeling a pang of guilt for her and their doomed resistance movement. With the Falcon the fastest ship and only ship that could reach Ematt in time, Han and Chewie set course for the distant Outer Rim world of Cyrkon, where Ematt had been last heard from. Narrowly escaping the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vehement by changing their ship's IFF transponder, the two landed in the city's capital, Motok, where they ran into a gang of bounty hunters determined to claim the reward Jabba had put on their heads. Feigning surrender and stalling, Han offered to hand over the money they had to pay off their debts to Jabba for their lives. The arrival of ISB Commander Alecia Beck and a quartet of stormtroopers interrupted the firefight, whereupon Han pretended to be the victim of a gang of rowdy rebels.\n\nWith the bounty hunters now engaged fighting the stormtroopers, Han and Chewie ran off to meet with their old friend Delia Leighton of the starship Miss Fortune, a mobile bar that could pack up and leave whenever local authorities realized their operations and evasion of property taxes. While initially refusing to believe that Han was working with the Rebellion, Delia ultimately agreed to help Han by providing him with the location of Ematt in a low-rent hotel on the outskirts of town. Han and Chewie headed there in a recently purchased high-end speeder, for which Han intended to bill the Alliance. The gang of bounty hunters they had run into previously followed them after interrogating Delia and threatening to kill her longtime friend. Unbeknownst to Han, Chewbacca and Ematt, the bounty hunters, realizing their situation for fighting the Empire earlier, agreed to help the Imperials by hunting down Han Solo and the rebel he was supposed to meet, with Alecia Beck having previously ambushed Ematt's team members of Taanab. Not intending to have Ematt commit suicide as his team members did to protect the sensitive information in their heads, Beck ordered over forty stormtroopers to take up positions in and around the hangar where the Falcon was berthed as the bounty hunters chased Han back towards his ship.