Shortly thereafter, the Cobra arrived on Nar Shaddaa at the coordinates of Chewbacca and Threepio, who had also answered Skywalker's distress call and come to his rescue. Chewbacca, however, had fallen afoul with the Corellian bounty hunter Dengar, who had subdued the Wookiee in an attempt to lure Solo there so he could claim Jabba's bounty on Solo. Enraged, Solo shot the bounty hunter in the back and demanded he take his "damn hands off" his friend. Solo ordered Dengar to step away from Chewbacca and he would be allowed to live, but Dengar refused; instead he activated a thermal detonator that he threatened to detonate. Chewbacca, who was not hurt badly, took advantage of Dengar when he was distracted and threw the bounty hunter from the roof of the skyscraper, where the grenade and Dengar exploded. With that settled, Solo made sure Chewbacca was all right. The group did not know where Skywalker was, but a flight of TIE fighters streaking through the sky tipped them off: follow trouble to find Skywalker. Immediately after, Solo and the group—including Starros, who had come to ensure Solo did not try to lose her—arrived at the location of the Imperial attention: the Palace of Grakkus the Hutt, where Skywalker had been kidnapped by Grakkus the Hutt, an avid collector of all things Jedi. Grakkus had organized a gladiator fight between Skywalker and Kongo the Disembowler, a massive beast from the molten world of Mustafar. As Solo led the group into the palace, the crowd that had come to watch the fight fled the arena because Kongo was on the loose. Solo and the others tried to fire on the monster, but an EMP blast triggered by Grakkus had disabled all electronics—including blasters. Confounded on how to proceed, the group was saved by Artoo, who located the group and threw Solo, Chewbacca, and Organa each lightsabers that belonged to Grakkus. Solo scoffed at using the weapon of Force-sensitives, but with his DL-44 unusable, he charged into the melee with his first mate and the princess, cutting down stormtroopers and TIE pilots.\n\nSolo soon located Skywalker and went to gather him so they could leave the smuggler's moon. Skywalker quipped that Solo looked good wielding the Jedi weapon, though Solo only wished he had his blaster at his side. Skywalker tried to persuade Solo to let him go back and claim more of Grakkus' Jedi artifacts, but Chewbacca hoisted the Jedi-in-training and carried him back to the Falcon while Solo made sure Organa and Starros also made it out. Starros made her peace with Organa and Solo, so she set off on her own in the Cobra. Skywalker, using "The Journals of Ben Kenobi" that he had claimed on Tatooine, set out to the planet Vrogas Vas, where an ancient Jedi temple was said to remain. Solo, Chewbacca, and Organa, returned to the Rebel fleet, Solo having decided to stay with the Rebellion just a bit longer.