At the same time as a Rebel party to celebrate the expanded Rebel fleet at the Mako-Ta Space Docks, Solo, Chewie, and 3PO went to the Ring of Kafrene to meet with an Alaphani in a bar for a deal for a set of transponder codes. C-3PO translated the Alaphani language for Solo, and the deal went well. During the closing phases of the deal, Solo briefly joked about giving C-3PO to the Alaphani for 10 percent off. C-3PO was concerned by this, but Solo explained he was joking and that no Alaphani would accept that deal. Chewie then approached 3PO and Solo to alert them that two of Jabba the Hutt's bounty hunters were in the bar. After hearing this, Solo finished the deal, and the trio quickly left. The two bounty hunters followed, but Solo and Chewbacca hid behind their field of view to surprise them. Solo had C-3PO take the bounty hunters' weapons, and as the trio ran back to the Falcon, Solo yelled back and promised that Jabba would get his money.\n\nC-3PO put the bounty hunters' weapons on the table on board, and Solo assured Chewbacca that they were not missing the party. He then explained to his partner that he had a contact who would pay them week for the set of codes. As the Falcon Chewie reminded Solo that Luke Skywalker had a role at the party, as he and other X-wing pilots planned to do a flyby for the gathered rebel allies. Solo admitted he would have liked to see it as well, and the Falcon left for the Space Docks. Solo arrived at the docks and found the Rebel fleet under attack by the Empire's Death Squadron. Leia said that Queen Trios had betrayed them and disabled all the cruisers and their hangar bays. Leia told Solo to fly into a bay door in order to open it. Solo, despite his better judgment, took the Falcon close to Star Destroyer and several TIEs following him as he made a run towards one of the cruisers. The Falcon then came under attack by Lord Vader in his TIE Advanced.
Solo was able to evade Vader while Chewie tried to shoot him down. Solo flew the Falcon towards a cruiser as Vader fired several missiles at him. However, Vader was able to force the Falcon away from the cruiser's hangar doors. After Commander Lajaie's cruiser was destroyed, Solo decided to send a messenger to Leia by sending 3PO by escape pod. Solo flew the Falcon through the cruiser's debris, hoping Vader would not follow him. Chewie was able to launch 3PO to land on the Republic. Solo received helped from Skywalker's newly formed Rogue Squadron. Solo led the squadron in taking out the TIEs.\n\nSolo was forced to land the Falcon on Ackbar's cruiser after taking heavy damage from Vader. He then took a Flight suit and took an X-wing and rejoined the fight. Solo and Skywalker came across a TIE that was acting weird and realized that an ally was aboard. Solo and Skywalker led the TIE back to the cruiser. There, they learned that Leia was the pilot and got her to the Republic's bridge. The Republic was able to escape into hyperspace. Solo, Skywalker, and the rest of Rogue Squadron returned to help the surviving cruisers. Solo defended Leia and Skywalker's ship as they boarded the base to rescue Mothma and the other ambassadors. During the retreat, Solo and R2's X-wing was damaged but was rescued by a rebel Quasar Fire-class carrier.
As the carrier went into hyperspace, it engines were fried and cruiser had to land on Corosi 7. Solo was unable to contact Ackbar or Chewie due to the Rebel fleet being kept hidden throughout the Outer Rim. Despite that, Solo was then given a promotion to the rank of colonel by Mothma, though he refused it. Solo then came up with plan to find Chewie and the Falcon. Solo took Leia and Skywalker to Nar Shadaa to meet with Starros, who agreed to help them.\n\nStarros was forced to drop them off on Hubin, where they were stranded for weeks. They eventually stole a shuttle when SCAR Squadron arrived. The team then hunted the remaining rebels and arrived at the Kaliida Nebula and met Home One.\n\nLater, Organa came up with a plan to destabilize Shu-Torun's industry. She recruited her team, the tech Meorti, actor Tunga Arpagion, and the Partisans to pose as Queen Trios and disrupt the Spike.