Han Solo: "How are we doin'?"
Luke: "Same as always."
Han Solo: "That bad, huh?"
―Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, about to be executed by Jabba the Hutt

"Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid."
―Han Solo, to Luke Skywalker

Leia: "I love you."
Han Solo: "I know."
―Leia Organa and Han Solo, before Han is frozen in carbonite

Luke: "I used to live here, you know."
Han Solo: "You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient."
―Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, being taken to the Great Pit of Carkoon

Han: "This is not gonna work."
Luke: "Why didn't you say so before?"
Han: "I did say so before."
―Han Solo and Luke Skywalker, in stormtrooper uniforms, arguing

Han: "Hang on, Your Worship, I'm trying to figure out these weird knobs and switches...."
Leia: "Why is it you always get formal when you're about to do something stupid?"
―Han Solo and Leia Organa Solo

Luke: "Listen, if you were to rescue her, the reward would be—"
Han: "What?"
Luke: "Well, more wealth than you can imagine."
Han: "I don't know. I can imagine quite a bit."
―Luke Skywalker, trying to convince Han Solo to aid in the rescue of Princess Leia

Han Solo: "Look, Leia. When this war's over, you go back to be an Alliance leader, and I go back to being a guy with a starship for hire. A princess and a smuggler? The odds against the two of us making—"
Leia: "Han?"
Han Solo: "Huh?"
Leia: "Han, never tell me the odds. Just kiss me."
―Han Solo and Leia Organa

Leia: "I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee."
Han: "I can arrange that. You could use a good kiss!"
―One of many lovers' quarrels between Leia and Han

Han: "Look, your worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight. I take orders from just one person: me."
Leia: "Hmm. It's a wonder you're still alive. 
Han: "No reward is worth this."
―Han Solo and Leia Organa

Han: "Well, Your Worship, looks like you managed to keep me around for a little while longer."
Leia: "I had nothing to do with it. General Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for any ships to leave the system until we've activated the energy field."
Han: "That's a good story. I think you just can't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight."
―Han Solo and Princess Leia

C-3PO: "Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately three thousand seven hundred and twenty to one!"
Han: "Never tell me the odds."
―C-3PO and Han Solo, fleeing the Imperial fleet

