Qi'Ra: What should we drink to?
Han Solo: Let's drink two and see where it goes.
- Han Solo and Qi'Ra after reuiniting

Han Solo: I thought we were in trouble there for a second, but it's fine. We're fine.
[the Falcon dodges gigantic tentacles]
- Han, piloting the Millennium Falcon

Beckett: Sorry I punched your face.
Han Solo: Happens more often than you think.
- Han Solo and Tobias Beckett

Lady Proxima: Well, what happened?
Han Solo: I'll tell you what happened. They double-crossed you and tried to kill me.
Lady Proxima: The money?
Han Solo: They kept it.
Lady Proxima: And my coaxium?
Han Solo: They kept that, too. But we learned a very valuable lesson. We cannot trust those guys.
Lady Proxima: So you expect me to believe that you walked away with nothing?
Han Solo: Well, I... I ran away with my life. I think that's something. I mean... to me, that's a lot.
- Han Solo and Lady Proxima, the leader of the White Worms

Lando Calrissian: Han! You're alive!
Han Solo: Yeah, no thanks to you. I should have Chewie rip your arms off. In fact, Chewie, do it.
[Chewie roars at Lando]
Lando Calrissian: Hey, Han! We are friends. You know that. We're friends. All right?
[Han pulls Lando into a tight hug]
Han Solo: Oh, look at you. You thought he was gonna rip your arms off.
Lando Calrissian: I knew you were kidding
Han Solo: No, you didn't.
- Han Solo, after reuiniting with Lando

Han Solo: I'm gonna be a pilot. Best in the galaxy.

Qi'Ra: [holding a vial of coaxium] This, this is worth...
Han Solo: Five, six hundred credits. That's more than you said we'd need.
Qi'Ra: To buy our way out of the control zone. And off Corellia. Han, this could work.
Han Solo: This is gonna work. Qi'ra, you always said one day we're gonna get out of here. This is it.
Qi'Ra: What are we waiting for?
- Han and Qi'Ra 

Han Solo: I've got a good feeling about this!

Han Solo: Drop the landing gear! When I tell you, flood the intake and sweep to the bi-lats. A little something I picked up from my pal, Needles, best street racer in all of Corellia... till he crashed... and died... doing THIS!

Han Solo: Great, more mud.
Mimban Lieutenant: What was that?
Han Solo: Just wondering what our objective is, lieutenant.
Mimban Lieutenant: Bring peace and prosperity to the galaxy, install a regime loyal to the Emperor and eradicate the hostiles.
Han Solo: It's their planet, we're the hostiles.
Mimban Lieutenant: [Mimban Lieutenant steps closer to Han Solo] You got a problem, trooper?
Han Solo: No problem, sir.
Mimban Lieutenant: [Mimban Lieutenant steps away from Han Solo] Moving out.
- Han Solo as an infantryman

Han Solo: Everybody stand back!
[holds out a rock pretending it's a weapon]
Lady Proxima: What's that supposed to be?
Han Solo: This is a thermal detonator
[makes clicking noise with his mouth]
Han Solo: That I just armed.
Lady Proxima: That's a rock.
Han Solo: No, it's not.
Lady Proxima: Yes, it is! And you just made a clicking sound with your mouth.

Han Solo: Just did the Kessel Run in 12 parsecs!
Chewbacca: [howls at Han]
Han Solo: Not if you round down.
- Han and Chewbacca, after Han makes the Kessel Run