As Solo got up to leave, he was confronted by Greedo, who demanded to be paid Jabba's debt, or he would take Solo's dead body back to Jabba as payment. Solo, then, in self defense, covertly pulled his DL-44 blaster pistol and shot Greedo from under the table before Greedo had a chance to react, killing the Rodian. Solo ignored the Murder tax Jabba enforced on Tatooine, opting instead to simply toss Wuher, the cantina's bartender, some credit chips, before apologizing for leaving a mess and then heading to Docking Bay 94. None of the witnesses present could agree whether Solo or Greedo shot first, but all confirmed Solo had the better shot of the two.\n\nSolo arrived in the docking and found Jabba himself, with several of his guards—including Jabba's top bounty hunter Boba Fett— looking for him near the Falcon. Jabba inquired whether Solo was going to pay him, and why he had "fried poor Greedo." Jabba was disappointed in having to put the bounty on Solo, the crime lord's top smuggler. Solo insisted he had had no choice but to dump the cargo, and informed the Hutt that he had secured a charter that would be able to compensate the Hutt's loss in full as soon as he completed it. Jabba was pleased and added that if Solo paid twenty percent interest all could be forgotten, but Solo talked him down to fifteen percent, and ironically stated that the Hutt was a "wonderful Human being," before boarding the Falcon.\n\nA short time later, Kenobi, Skywalker, and their two droids, the protocol droid C-3PO and the astromech droid R2-D2, boarded the Falcon after Skywalker remarked that the Falcon appeared to be a "piece of junk." Solo corrected him: The Millennium Falcon looked out of shape, but had been given "special modifications" that made it one of the fastest ships in the galaxy. Just then, a squad of stormtroopers appeared in the docking bay and opened fire on Solo. Solo fired back while retreating on board and shouted for Chewbacca to take off. The Falcon blasted away from the Mos Eisley spaceport and clear of Tatooine. As the Falcon entered space, Solo realized that his passengers were even more wanted by the Empire than he thought as multiple Star Destroyers pursued his ship. Trying to dodge Imperial fire while addressing the boy's annoying backseat badgering about the necessity of proper navigation for travel through hyperspace, Solo inserted coordinates to the Alderaan system into the Falcon's navigation computer and made the jump to hyperspace, escaping their pursuers.